#summary Some information about graphs, searches, dominators

= Graphs =

== Basic definitions and types ==
 
=== Graph ===
*A graph* is an ordered pair *G: = ( V,E)* comprising a set V of *vertices* ( or *nodes*, or *points*) together with a set E of *edges* ( or *lines*), which are 2-element subsets of V.
The nodes x,y of G are *adjacent*, or *neighbours*, if xy is an edge of G. Two edges are adjacent, if they have an end in common. If all the verticles of G are pairwise adjacent, then G is *complete*.

=== Subgraph ===
Let G1 = ( V1,E1) and G2 = ( V2,E2) be two graphs. If E1 contains E2 and V1 contains V2, then G2 is a *subgraph* of G1 ( and G1 is a *supergraph* of G2).

=== Directed graph ===
*A directed graph* is an ordered pair D: = (V,A) with
  # V a set whose elements are called vertices or nodes,a nd
  # A a set of ordered pairs of vertices, called *arcs*, *directed edges*, or *arrows*.
An arc a = ( x,y) is considered to be directed from x to y; y is called the head and x is called the tail of the arc; y is said to be a *direct successor* of x, and x is said to be a *direct predecessor* of y. If a path leads from x to y, then y is said to be a *successor* of x and reachable from x, and x is said to be a *predecessor* of y. The arc ( y,x) is called the arc ( x,y) *inverted*.

=== Weighted graph ===
A graph is a *weighted graph* if a number ( weight) is assigned to each edge. Such weights might represent, for example, costs, lengths or capacities, etc. depending on the problem.
The weight of the graph is sum of the weights given to all edges.

=== Connected graph ===
A non-empty graph G is called *connected* if any two of its vertices are linked by a path in G. If G is connected, we call a subgraph of G itself connected ( in G).
The verticles of a connected graph G can always be enumerated.

== This page is not finished! ==