#summary Suggestions about naming system in project.

= General Rules = 
Mostly we would like to adopt [http://doc.trolltech.com/qq/qq13-apis.html QT Style API Design] and inherit naming system for it.

_More rules will be given here explicitly. Read Qt Documentation for now_

=== Types and Classes ===

Type names should reflect entities they represents.
A name should begin with an uppercase letter. To distinct parts of name use uppercase letter at the beginning of every part. 

*Examples:* `NameOfTheClass`, `SomeMysteriousEntity`

=== Function names ===
Class methods and function names shound begin with a lowercase letter and highlight parts by uppercase letters. Exception for this rule is the Constructor and Destructor for classes - they aliased to the class names.

*Example:* 
{{{ 
tryNotToGetWorried();
tryNotToTurnOnTo();
troublesThatUpsetYou();
}}}


*Not all of the source code comply with that BUT it should.*
It mostly applies to Get/Set routines so if you see `my_object->GetSmth()` feel free to turn it into `my_object->smth()` and change the declaration for routine.


=== Variables and Class Members ===
Variables and class members should be all lowercase. Parts of name should be separated by `'_'`.

*Example:* `very_important_var`.

For private class members to let getter routines have simple name we can use suffix `_priv`.

*Example:*
{{{
class MyClass
{
    int num_priv;
public:
    inline int num() const
    {
        return num_priv;
    }
}

void f()
{
    MyClass my;
    int a = my.num();
}
}}}