#summary Installing Qt.

=== Download ===

Download installation file:
http://www.qtsoftware.com/downloads/windows-cpp

It's of 166MB.
We are asking you to be kind to share the installation with your teammates if they are unable to download such a big file.

=== Install ===

  # Run the installation.
  # Choose C:\Qt\4.5.0 as the install directory ( otherwise you will have to change include directories and paths to used object files in the mipt-vis project)
  # DO NOT check "Download and install minimal MiniGW installation"
  # After installation finishes go to *start->control panel->system->advanced->environment variables->system variables* and add to the 'path' variable at the end
*;C:\Qt\4.5.0\bin*
=== Build ===
  # Find in your start menu *Microsoft Visual Studio 2005->Visual Studio Tools->Visual Studio 2005 Command Prompt* and run it
  # Type in the command prompt
  **cd C:\Qt\4.5.0*
  **configure -qt-zlib*
  # Type 'y' then prompted ( if you agree with the licence of course)
  # Configure starts building an environment. Please wait, it can take a while( Depends on your system's computational power :) )
  # Type 'nmake'. It will take a while once more

=== Using in project ===

  # Directory with Qt bins (C:\Qt\4.5.0\bin) must be already in 'path' environment variable. ( To check this type 'path' in cmd.exe)
  # Open mipt-vis project in Visual Studio, then go to *Tools->Options->Projects and Solutions->VC++ Directories*. Choose 'include files' from 'Show directories for' list. Add "c:\Qt\4.5.0\include" to the list below. Then set "c:\Qt\4.5.0\lib" for 'library files' by the same way.
  # Build and run the solution. If all is ok, you will see the window with 'Qt work!' label.