#summary Brief manual for SVN usage
#labels Featured
*1.* Create new directory for the project

*2.* Run cmd.exe and change directory to the new created.

*3.* Execute:

_svn checkout https://mipt-vis.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ mipt-vis --username GNAME_

GNAME - your google account, for example vasya.pupkin

Enter password from googleCode account when prompted.

*4.* Edit/Add/Remove sources

*5.* Then finished execute:

_svn update https://mipt-vis.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ mipt-vis --username GNAME_

This command takes from the server changes which were made form the moment you checked out the project( or did last update) up to now. Some conflicts with your local modifications may arise. You should resolve them ( read man from url below on how to do this) before running the following command. Also before commit you should run the TestingProcess to be sure you didn't broke the project.

_svn commit https://mipt-vis.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ mipt-vis --username GNAME_

This command will transfer your modifications to the server where they will be accessible for others.

----
For developers who likes more GUI actions above can be done by
_http://tortoisesvn.net/downloads_

In GUI interface you can do checkout, update and commit in windows explorer context menu( right click). Url to server with sources you can take above.

If you don't have any svn client for windows install tortoisesvn mentioned above.

----
Full svn manual in russian
_http://svnbook.red-bean.com/nightly/ru/svn-book.html_